Have you ever received an email
from an unknown source
informing you of great news?
“You’re a grand prize winner!
Just click on the link
to receive your prize.”
Or maybe it was a phone call.
The person says they have exciting news.
“You’ve just won something of value.
“But hurry!
Limited time only!”
All you have to do
is provide your personal information.
Well, sadly, the great and exciting news
usually doesn’t turn out
as presented, does it?
This highlights that no matter the form
or method that we receive it,
much of the news and information
we’re given today
misleads, misinforms,
and often leaves us disappointed.
Our world is just saturated with bad news.
Even just watching the local news
can leave us feeling anxious, depressed
—even fearful.
So it’s no wonder that when people
actually do receive good news,
they’re often skeptical,
feeling that if something
seems too good to be true,
it probably is.
The Bible tells us that it’s actually wise
to be cautious about the news we believe.
But it also tells us that there is news
—good news—
that we can trust.
I invite you to turn with me, please,
in your Bibles to the book of Mark.
And in Mark chapter 1,
note the words of Mark 1:14, 15
—it reads:
“Now after John was arrested,
Jesus went into Galilee,
“preaching the good news of God and saying:
“‘The appointed time has been fulfilled,
“‘and the Kingdom of God has drawn near.
“‘Repent,
and have faith in the good news.’”
“Have faith in the good news.”
This is the theme of our discussion.
To better understand Jesus’ words,
we need to answer three questions.
First, What is the good news?
Second, Why can we have faith in it?
And third, How can we build such faith?
Knowing the answers to these questions
will help us to have faith in the good news
and fill our life with real purpose.
Let’s address our first question.
What specifically is the “good news”
that Jesus was referring to?
Well, let’s go back to the Bible,
this time to the book of Luke.
In Luke chapter 8,
notice Luke 8:1:
“Shortly afterward he traveled from city
to city and from village to village,
“preaching and declaring the good news
of the Kingdom of God.
And the Twelve were with him.”
So, what was that “good news”
that Jesus preached?
The verse states: “The good news
of the Kingdom of God.”
So an important aspect of the good news
is the message about God’s Kingdom.
This Kingdom is a real government in heaven
with a heavenly King and earthly subjects.
Jesus’ earthly life as a grown man
was devoted to preaching
and declaring God’s Kingdom
as the only solution to man’s problems.
And how did he do it?
With the simplest of tools
—his mouth and his feet.
Notice, he walked tirelessly
from city to city and village to village
—hundreds of miles on dusty roads,
even without food at times,
just to share this message with others.
He even taught his disciples this good news
so that they could share
and extend the good news
well beyond the cities and villages
that Jesus reached.
And you might be wondering,
‘Why should this good news
that Jesus preached about 2,000 years ago
be of interest to us today?’
It’s because the message of the good news
that Jesus taught
promises future blessings
for obedient humans living
under the rulership of God’s Kingdom.
So that affects all mankind today.
That affects you and me.
And these blessings will touch
every facet of life.
Let’s consider a few examples.
Let’s start with our physical health.
Turn with me, please, to the book of Isaiah.
Isaiah 33,
and we’re going to read
the first part of verse 24.
Isaiah 33:24:
“And no resident will say: ‘I am sick.’”
You know, that’s such a simple statement,
but can you just process what that means?
To never again say or hear someone say:
“I’m sick,”
“I don’t feel well,”
“Something is not right with me.”
Just think of the millions
that have suffered illness
because of the pandemic,
the millions that are coping
with a disability,
and then all the diseases
—the diseases that are common,
the diseases that are rare,
the ones that are life-threatening,
chronic, debilitating,
the diseases where you look
fine on the outside
but inside it’s a day-to-day struggle.
See, under God’s Kingdom, all of it
—all disabilities, all diseases,
all health problems—
will no longer plague mankind.
They will all be a thing of the past.
And just to show you how wonderful this is
—how far reaching this blessing will be—
even if we don’t have
a disease or disability,
think of what your life
would be like right now
if you just didn’t hurt.
See, right now, it hurts
if we stand too long;
it hurts if we sit too long;
it hurts if we walk too long
—if we sleep too long.
But to be pain free
and to know that each day
you’re just going to feel better and better,
isn’t that good news?
You see, so much is going
to be accomplished from this promise:
“[No one] will say: ‘I am sick.’”
Well, let’s consider another blessing.
As a family head,
we know it’s a priority for you
to care for your family
and keep a roof over their heads.
But is it a struggle to make ends meet?
How often do you worry about having a job
or keeping your job?
Well, just think of how you’ll feel
when these words become a reality.
Still in the book of Isaiah,
this time Isaiah chapter 65,
note verses 21 and 22:
“They will build houses and live in them,
“and they will plant vineyards
and eat their fruitage.
“They will not build
for someone else to inhabit,
“nor will they plant for others to eat.
“For the days of my people
will be like the days of a tree,
and the work of their hands
my chosen ones will enjoy to the full.”
Do you see the blessing?
No one will be homeless or unemployed.
And did you note?
Nowhere in these verses do we see the words
“rent” or “lease.”
Under this Kingdom arrangement, you see,
we’re going to experience
the full joy of ownership.
Can you imagine that?
Can you imagine the satisfaction
—the dignity—
that comes from living in a home
you personally built
and then working with your hands
for the direct benefit of your family?
It’s a good feeling, isn’t it?
And, of course, if you’re planting
your own vineyard,
well, that’s an indication
of another blessing
—an abundance of food.
The Bible describes this quite beautifully.
Turn, please, to the book of Psalms,
the 72nd Psalm,
and note Psalm 72:16:
“There will be an abundance
of grain on the earth;
“on the top of the mountains
it will overflow.
“His fruit will flourish as in Lebanon,
and in the cities people will blossom
like the vegetation of the earth.”
We’ve all seen heartbreaking pictures
of neglected and starving children.
And we’ve likely seen the increasing number
of food lines during this pandemic.
But, you see, under God’s government,
no one will be without sufficient food
or undernourished.
Poverty and food shortages will be gone.
And what a beautiful word picture
this verse gives us
of how the ground will produce abundantly!
It would be as if grain were growing
along the sides of a mountain
clear to the top and overflowing.
You see, we have so many wonderful blessings
to look forward to.
But for this next blessing,
God will use his creative powers
to do one of the most wonderful works
of all time.
Let’s go back to the book of Isaiah,
this time Isaiah 25:8.
It’s Isaiah 25:8
—there we’re told:
“He will swallow up death forever,
“and the Sovereign Lord Jehovah
will wipe away the tears from all faces.
“The reproach of his people
he will take away from all the earth,
for Jehovah himself has spoken it.”
You know, some may consider this
to be the best news of all.
What a joy it is going to be
when “death will be no more,”
removed forever!
If any of us have ever had
someone close to us
taken away by death,
we know the emptiness, the anguish,
the painful scars that death leaves behind.
And it’s something that affects all of us.
So just think, how many memorial services
have you attended in this pandemic?
You see, for some,
it’s just too painful to think about.
One brother made the statement; he said:
“I don’t even look forward
to Saturdays anymore.
It seems that Saturdays have been set aside
for funeral and memorial services.”
Well, we can relate to that, can’t we?
But do you see what the Bible says?
The Bible says that God
is going to “swallow up death forever.”
So when something is swallowed,
it’s gone—destroyed.
So that is going to be a time to rejoice.
But the good news doesn’t stop there
because not only is Jehovah
going to put an end to death
but also note what he does next.
Look over in chapter 26, this time verse 19.
He says: “Your dead will live.
“My corpses will rise up.
“Awake and shout joyfully,
you residents in the dust!
“For your dew is as the dew of the morning,
and the earth will let
those powerless in death come to life.”
So now we’re talking about the resurrection.
Our dead loved ones will return to life.
And you note the expression there:
“Awake and shout joyfully.”
I thought it was interesting
that The New English Bible
quotes this as saying:
“They that sleep in the earth
will awake and shout for joy.”
And doesn’t that nicely describe
how right now
our dead loved ones are just sleeping?
And just like an infant is protected
within its mother’s womb,
the dead are
in the safest situation imaginable,
perfectly preserved and protected
within Jehovah’s memory.
And in God’s due time,
they will be brought back to life.
And we can be there.
We can be there to warmly welcome them
just like a newborn is greeted
by a loving, waiting family
—so many tremendous blessings.
And these blessings that we’ve considered,
this is just a small sampling
of the good news.
There’s so much more
that this Kingdom will accomplish.
According to Psalm 46:9,
war will cease to exist.
At Revelation 11:18,
anyone and anything that dirties the earth,
pollutes the air and water,
or kills off the earth’s wildlife,
God promises that he will “bring to ruin
those [who ruin, or pollute,] the earth.”
So we’ve established the answer
to our first question,
What is the good news?
The good news is the news of God’s Kingdom,
this heavenly government that will rule
and provide tremendous blessings
to obedient mankind.
Now, with all these wonderful promises
in store for mankind,
can you think of any better news
that you’d like to receive?
Wouldn’t you agree that these promises
are worth investigating?
Indeed they are.
But here’s the challenge:
The idea of living forever
under such wonderful conditions
might be difficult for some to comprehend,
especially with what life is like
right now at present.
So, what if those that hear this good news
are skeptical?
What if they feel,
‘If it seems too good to be true,
it probably is’?
Well, let’s address this
by answering our second question,
Why can we have faith in the good news?
In other words, why can we firmly believe
that all the things we’ve just considered,
all these promises from God, are true
and will be fulfilled?
Well, just like any news,
or information, that we receive,
the credibility all starts
with the Source, doesn’t it?
The good news comes
from Jehovah God himself.
And let’s note what the Bible says about him.
Turn with me, please, to the book of Titus,
Titus chapter 1,
and we’ll read
Titus 1:1, 2:
“Paul, a slave of God
and an apostle of Jesus Christ
“according to the faith of God’s chosen ones
“and the accurate knowledge of the truth
that is according to godly devotion
“and is based on a hope
of the everlasting life
“that God, who cannot lie,
promised long ago.”
So we can be certain
that these promises will be fulfilled
because the Bible tells us
we have a basis for hope,
because “God, who cannot lie,”
is the one who made these promises.
But what exactly does this mean?
Well, let’s illustrate it this way.
Have you ever asked a friend to meet you
or pick you up to go somewhere,
and your friend says: “Oh, no problem.
I’ll be there at 7:00.”
But as soon as he says it,
you already know he’s not coming until 7:30,
maybe even 8:00.
We all seem to have that friend, don’t we?
But why do we know this about our friend?
Well, likely it’s because of his past record.
You see, if our friend,
although well-intentioned,
has a pattern of being late,
he’s given us a basis
to question his promise.
Now, of course, as humans,
we’re all imperfect.
But the point is our record of works
forms a basis for our credibility.
So now we elevate this to our Almighty God.
So when it comes to Jehovah,
the Source of the good news,
the one “who cannot lie,”
you see, if we examine his record, we’ll see
that he has given us a basis to trust him.
He has a perfect record
of fulfilling his promises;
they come true 100 percent of the time.
And it’s not
just the general prophecy itself;
it’s the accurate details as well.
For example, the prophet Isaiah foretold
that the mighty city of Babylon
would be destroyed.
But then he went into detail
of exactly how the city would be defeated
—from the river being dried up
to the gates being left wide open.
He even named the one
who was going to overthrow Babylon
some 200 years before it happened.
And history confirms
that every detail of this prophecy
was fulfilled.
It was even prophesied that Babylon
would become piles of stone
and “never [again] be inhabited.”
And that stands true down to this day.
And this is just one
of a number of prophecies.
You see, when we take the time
to investigate, we find other prophecies
such as the number of years
when the land of Judah would be desolate,
the exact year when the Messiah would come,
where he would be born, what he would do,
how he would die and be raised from the dead
all fulfilled exactly as foretold.
So the fact that so many Bible prophecies
have already come true
shows that we can trust
what the Bible says about the future.
Now, here’s another reason
we can have faith in the good news.
Let’s go back to our Bibles,
this time to Matthew chapter 9.
In Matthew chapter 9, note verse 35:
“And Jesus set out on a tour
of all the cities and villages,
“teaching in their synagogues and preaching
the good news of the Kingdom
and curing every sort of disease
and every sort of infirmity.”
Now, you recall, earlier we discussed
the efforts Jesus put forth
to declare the good news.
But now we see that as he went
to those cities and villages,
not only did he preach but,
empowered by God,
he performed miracles
that prove the credibility of the good news.
And some of those miracles
were witnessed by thousands
to the point where they cannot be denied
even by his opposers.
So to this point,
we’ve established what the good news is
—the news regarding God’s Kingdom—
and now we’ve answered
why we can have faith in the good news.
The Source of the good news is Jehovah,
a God “who cannot lie”
and who has a perfect track record
of keeping his promises.
And then God’s Son, Jesus Christ,
who as King of God’s Kingdom
solidified that evidence
during his time on the earth
by demonstrating the power
to cure disease and infirmity.
Today, there are millions of people
from a variety of backgrounds
that have taken the time to investigate
the promises of God’s Kingdom.
They have found them to be true,
and they have benefited from the good news.
It has improved their lives now
and given them a solid hope for the future.
We invite you to watch the following video,
and, as you do,
note how some have benefited
from the good news.
Fear and war were normal in my home country.
I had many questions:
Why do young people have to die?
Why do my children have to go through this?
God did not create us to make war.
The priests in my church always said,
“It is God’s will.”
Being on the run was dreadful.
More than once,
I thought we were going to die.
Eventually, we arrived in Germany,
and I was convinced that the priests there
could give me some answers.
I went to several different churches
—but no answers.
I kept telling them:
“I’m looking for something.
I don’t know what it is,
but I didn’t find it here with you.”
Sometimes I thought
I was searching for something
that no one could give me.
One day,
a German woman approached me,
speaking in Arabic.
That was amazing for me.
I never had a good opinion
of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
I didn’t think
I could learn anything from her,
but I gave her a chance.
She gave me logical answers
to all of my questions.
In my home country, there are
multiple religious groups and nationalities
who hate and fight each other.
But at the meetings of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
I have seen that all people
can live in peace with each other
if they get to know our Father in heaven.
He gives love and peace.
At last, I found what I had been looking for.
I lived a life without rules.
I used to get drunk,
I smoked a lot,
and I became a compulsive gambler.
My behavior was a complete disaster.
My wife wanted to separate from me.
It was a horrible time.
My wife started studying the Bible
with Jehovah’s Witnesses.
I remember being doubtful
—very doubtful.
But there was one thing
that started to make me think.
Both my wife and my children
looked more peaceful,
more joyful, happier.
That’s why I even accepted a Bible study.
I came to realize that Jehovah
loves each one of us as an individual.
That gave me real hope for the future.
Everything I was studying in the Bible
helped me to understand
that doing Jehovah’s will
is in our best interests.
This really helped me to quit my bad habits,
treat my family better,
and show due respect to my wife.
If Jehovah hadn’t searched for me,
if I hadn’t come to know him,
we would no longer be a family.
Today we are, indeed, a happy family,
a united family
—united more than ever.
Only Jehovah could perform such a miracle.
Well, let’s address our final question,
How can you and I
build faith in the good news?
It may be that just like our sister
in the video,
we have gone through situations in our life
that leave us searching for answers.
But our search might provide us
with incorrect or misinformed information
about God.
So the question comes up again,
How can we know?
How can we be sure of what to believe?
Well, the Bible gives us the answer.
Turn with me, please, to the book of Hebrews.
And note what is stated at Hebrews chapter 11
and verse 1.
There we read:
“Faith is the assured expectation
of what is hoped for,
“the evident demonstration of realities
that are not seen.”
And you note the footnote there
for “evident demonstration”;
it says: “convincing evidence.”
So that helps us to see
that real faith is not gullible.
Just like with the scammers
and misinformation we spoke of earlier,
you see, we don’t believe what we hear
just because it sounds good.
No.
As the footnote says, there should be
“convincing evidence”
of things that are not seen and are yet real.
Just to illustrate this, a child may ask,
“How do we know that air exists?”
Well, we can’t say: “Well, it just does.
That’s how it works.”
No.
You see, likely we’d have
to help the child to reason
on the evidence that exists
—right?—
his ability to breathe air in and out,
the effects of the wind, and so forth.
And once the child is convinced
of the evidence,
he can now accept the existence
of what is invisible to him
—in this case, the air.
And that is how our faith has to be.
It has to be based
on solid convincing evidence.
Jehovah’s Witnesses worldwide
have faith in the good news.
They have made an examination
of the Bible’s promises,
and they’ve seen the evidence for themselves.
Just like our brother in the video,
we’ve also seen
how the good news
has not only improved our lives
but it shows us evidence
of Jehovah’s love for us as well.
Some who are listening to this program
may be newly acquainted
with Jehovah’s Witnesses.
And we’d like to tell you
that we are so happy
that you took the time to attend.
And we know that you too may have questions
and that you need answers—truthful answers.
Well, give Jehovah’s Witnesses a chance.
Give them a chance to help you find
those answers in the Bible.
And as you associate with them,
see how they have come
to believe the good news
and why they have faith in it.
And as your faith grows,
you’ll come to appreciate
just how important this message is.
It will move you to make
any needed changes in your life.
And because of the joy
and happiness you feel,
you see, you will be excited, right?
You’ll want to share
what you have learned with others.
And that’s good, for doing so
will reinforce Bible truth in your own mind.
So from all that we’ve discussed,
what do we conclude?
If we have faith in the good news,
we are firmly convinced
that everything Jehovah says is true
and will be fulfilled.
And the way we live our lives
will demonstrate that.
In this world that is saturated
with so much bad news,
how thankful we are that we have a God
that not only provides us
with a basis to trust his good news
but even shows evidence
of his care and concern
for us as individuals!
This good news is not too good to be true.
It is real.
It is a reality that is soon to come.
So may all of us have faith in the good news.
And as we draw close to God,
may we experience firsthand Jehovah’s love
as he rewards all those
who earnestly seek him in faith.